Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=BlobServer,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=CacheServer,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=CatalogManager,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=ContentServer,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=CookieServer,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=DispatchManager,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=FCK Faces Servlet,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=FacesServlet,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=FlushServer,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=HelloCS,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=ImageEditorServlet,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=Install,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=Inventory,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=PageDispatchServer,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=Resources,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=Satellite,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=SeedDispatchServer,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=SyncSeedDispatchServer,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=TreeManager,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=default,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=jsp,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=status,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:j2eeType=WebModule,name=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:type=Cache,host=localhost,path=/cs
Catalina:type=Connector,port=8088
Catalina:type=DataSource,path=/cs,host=localhost,class=javax.sql.DataSource,name="csDataSource"
Catalina:type=Deployer,host=localhost
Catalina:type=Engine
Catalina:type=Environment,resourcetype=Global,name=simpleValue
Catalina:type=GlobalRequestProcessor,name=http-8088
Catalina:type=Host,host=localhost
Catalina:type=JspMonitor,name=jsp,WebModule=//localhost/cs,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
Catalina:type=Loader,path=/cs,host=localhost
Catalina:type=MBeanFactory
Catalina:type=Manager,path=/cs,host=localhost
Catalina:type=Mapper,port=8088
Catalina:type=NamingResources,resourcetype=Context,path=/cs,host=localhost
Catalina:type=NamingResources,resourcetype=Global
Catalina:type=ProtocolHandler,port=8088
Catalina:type=Realm
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest0
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest1
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest10
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest11
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest12
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest13
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest14
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest15
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest16
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest17
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest18
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest19
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest2
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest20
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest21
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest22
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest23
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest24
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest25
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest3
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest4
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest5
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest6
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest7
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest8
Catalina:type=RequestProcessor,worker=http-8088,name=HttpRequest9
Catalina:type=Resource,resourcetype=Context,path=/cs,host=localhost,class=javax.sql.DataSource,name="csDataSource"
Catalina:type=Resource,resourcetype=Global,class=org.apache.catalina.UserDatabase,name="UserDatabase"
Catalina:type=Server
Catalina:type=ServerClassLoader,name=common
Catalina:type=ServerClassLoader,name=server
Catalina:type=ServerClassLoader,name=shared
Catalina:type=Service,serviceName=Catalina
Catalina:type=StoreConfig
Catalina:type=StringCache
Catalina:type=ThreadPool,name=http-8088
Catalina:type=Valve,name=AccessLogValve,host=localhost
Catalina:type=Valve,name=ErrorReportValve,host=localhost
Catalina:type=Valve,name=StandardContextValve,path=/cs,host=localhost
Catalina:type=Valve,name=StandardHostValve,host=localhost
Catalina:type=Valve,name=StandardEngineValve
Catalina:type=WebappClassLoader,path=/cs,host=localhost
JMImplementation:type=MBeanServerDelegate
Users:type=Role,rolename=role1,database=UserDatabase
Users:type=Role,rolename=tomcat,database=UserDatabase
Users:type=User,username="both",database=UserDatabase
Users:type=User,username="role1",database=UserDatabase
Users:type=User,username="tomcat",database=UserDatabase
Users:type=UserDatabase,database=UserDatabase
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="CoresidentSatelliteServer:DataPiece"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="XMLElements"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="acl:aclhash"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="cached-catalogs"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceAdvCols"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceAdvCols_Dim"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceAdvCols_DimP"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceAdvCols_Extension"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceAdvCols_ManRec"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceAdvCols_SSpec"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceAdvCols_Types"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceAssetType"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceCSElement"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceCSElement_Map"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceComplexAssets"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceContent_C"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceContent_P"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceContent_P_Group"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceDimension"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceDimension_Dim"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceDimension_DimP"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceFlexAssetTypes"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceFlexGroupTypes"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceFlexGrpTmplTypes"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceFlexTmplTypes"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceMedia_C"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceMedia_P"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceMedia_P_Group"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceObjectRegistry"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourcePage"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourcePage_Dim"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourcePage_DimP"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceProduct_A"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceProduct_A_Extension"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceProduct_C"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceProduct_C_Mungo"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceProduct_P"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceProduct_P_Group"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourcePromotions"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourcePublication"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourcePublicationTree"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourcePublication_Replicate"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceRuleMap"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceRuleSetDef"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceSegments"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceSitePlanTree"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceTemplate_Map"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourceVMVISITOR"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="csDataSourcescratch"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="elementhash"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="eventhash"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="eventhashsync"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="native-cached-catalogs"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="propshash"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="revtracking:info"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="sitehash"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="spagehashkey"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="systeminfo:info"
com.fatwire.cs:type=Cache,name="users:users"
com.fatwire.cs:type=CacheManager
com.fatwire.cs:type=RequestCounter
com.fatwire.cs:type=ResponseTimeStatistic,path=/cs/Satellite,pagename=FSIIWrapper
com.fatwire.cs:type=ResponseTimeStatistic,path=/cs/CacheServer
com.fatwire.cs:type=ResponseTimeStatistic
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=element,subType=AdvCols/FSIIDetail
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=element,subType=FSIICommon/AdvCols/MyRecommendedProducts
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=element,subType=FSIICommon/Cart/CalculateDiscount
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=element,subType=FSIICommon/Login/LoginForm
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=element,subType=FSIICommon/Login/RegisterForm
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=element,subType=FSIICommon/Login/UserProfileForm
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=element,subType=FSIIWrapper
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=element,subType=Page/FSIICartDetailView
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=element,subType=Page/FSIIProfileDetailView
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=element,subType=Product_C/FSIIAddToCart
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=element,subType=Support/Audit/Default/CSVariables
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FSIICommon/Nav/LocaleForm
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FSIICommon/Nav/TopNav
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FSIICommon/SideNav/ProductView
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FSIIWrapper
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/AdvCols/FSIIDetail
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Content_C/FSIIDetail
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Content_C/FSIIHead
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Content_C/FSIISummary
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Document_C/FSIILink
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/FSIILayout
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Media_C/FSIIDetail
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Media_C/FSIISummary
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Page/FSIICartDetailView
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Page/FSIIHead
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Page/FSIIHomeDetailView
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Page/FSIILink
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Page/FSIIProductDetailView
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Page/FSIIProfileDetailView
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Page/FSIIRecommendationDetailView
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Page/FSIISideNav
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Page/FSIIStandardDetailView
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Page/FSIIStandardSideNavView
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Product_C/FSIIAddToCart
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Product_C/FSIIDetail
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Product_C/FSIIHead
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Product_C/FSIISummary
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Product_P/FSIIDetail
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Product_P/FSIIHead
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=page,subType=FirstSiteII/Product_P/FSIILink
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=sql,subType=insert
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=sql,subType=select
com.fatwire.cs:type=StatFromTimeDebug,group=sql,subType=update
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=CS-Direct,jar=assetframework.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=CS-Direct,jar=assetmaker.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=CS-Direct,jar=basic.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=Content Server,jar=batch.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=Engage,jar=catalog.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=Analysis Connector,jar=commercedata.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=Database Loader,jar=commercedata.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=Queue,jar=commercedata.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=Content Server,jar=cs-core.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=Content Server,jar=cs.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=CS-Direct,jar=cscommerce.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=Content Server,jar=directory.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=Content Server,jar=framework.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=CS-Direct,jar=gator.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=CS-Direct,jar=gatorbulk.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=Content Server,jar=ics.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=Content Server,jar=logging.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=Engage,jar=rules.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=CS-Direct,jar=sampleasset.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=Content Server,jar=sseed.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=Satellite Server,jar=sserve.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=Content Server,jar=transformer.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=CS-Direct,jar=visitor.jar
com.fatwire.cs:type=Version,product=CS-Direct,jar=xcelerate.jar
com.sun.management:type=HotSpotDiagnostic
java.lang:type=ClassLoading
java.lang:type=Compilation
java.lang:type=GarbageCollector,name=Copy
java.lang:type=GarbageCollector,name=MarkSweepCompact
java.lang:type=Memory
java.lang:type=MemoryManager,name=CodeCacheManager
java.lang:type=MemoryPool,name=Code Cache
java.lang:type=MemoryPool,name=Eden Space
java.lang:type=MemoryPool,name=Perm Gen [shared-ro]
java.lang:type=MemoryPool,name=Perm Gen [shared-rw]
java.lang:type=MemoryPool,name=Perm Gen
java.lang:type=MemoryPool,name=Survivor Space
java.lang:type=MemoryPool,name=Tenured Gen
java.lang:type=OperatingSystem
java.lang:type=Runtime
java.lang:type=Threading
java.util.logging:type=Logging
